#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{matrix,arrows,decorations.pathmorphing}
\usetikzlibrary{shapes.geometric}
\usepackage{tikz-cd}
\usepackage{amsthm}
\theoremstyle{plain}
\newtheorem{theorem}{Theorem}[section]
\newtheorem{lemma}[theorem]{Lemma}
\newtheorem{prop}{Proposition}[section]
\newtheorem*{cor}{Corollary}
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{defn}{Definition}[section]
\newtheorem{ex}{Exercise} 
\newtheorem{example}{Example}[section]
\theoremstyle{remark}
\newtheorem*{rem}{Remark}
\newtheorem*{note}{Note}
\newtheorem{case}{Case}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{tikz-cd}
\usetikzlibrary{calc,arrows,decorations.pathreplacing}
\tikzset{mydot/.style={circle,fill,inner sep=1.5pt},
commutative diagrams/.cd,
  arrow style=tikz,
  diagrams={>=latex},
}

\usepackage{babel}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks,
    citecolor=blue,
    filecolor=blue,
    linkcolor=blue,
    urlcolor=blue
}
\usepackage{pgfplots}
\usetikzlibrary{decorations.markings}
\pgfplotsset{compat=1.9}


\makeatletter
\newcommand*{\@old@slash}{}\let\@old@slash\slash
\def\slash{\relax\ifmmode\delimiter"502F30E\mathopen{}\else\@old@slash\fi}
\makeatother

\def\backslash{\delimiter"526E30F\mathopen{}}

\usepackage[bottom]{footmisc}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding iso8859-15
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 30cm
\paperheight 35cm
\topmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation 0bp
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
date{}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Ammended Section Syllabus for Business Calculus
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Course Title/Section.
 
\series default
Math 1020 Section 003
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hfill
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Instructor.
 
\series default
Michael Nelson
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hfill
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Office Location and Office Hours.
 
\series default
Due to the recent pandemic, I will not be in my office for the rest of this
 semester.
 However, we can still meet online via Zoom.
 If you would like to meet with me online, please send me an email (mnelso7@clem
son.edu) so that we can schedule a meeting.
 My schedule is pretty flexible (for instance I should always be available
 on Tuesdays and Thursdays).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hfill
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Course Information.
 
\series default
For the rest of the semester, you will be given video lectures via Zoom.
 I will also be giving more homeworks.
 You will need to submit the rest of your homeworks online to canvas.
 There should be many ways to do this.
 For instance, you can take a picture of you homework with your phone and
 then upload the .jpg file to canvas.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hfill
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Imortant Notice.
 
\series default
There has been a change to the course syllabus and course calendar! Please
 refer to the course website (https://mthsc.clemson.edu/ug_course_pages/MATH1020)
 for the 
\series bold
ammended 
\series default
course calendar as well as the 
\series bold
ammended 
\series default
course syllabus, which has details on course grading and policies.
 I've also uploaded both the ammended course calendar and ammended course
 syllabus to canvas.
 There is some important information on the course syllabus (test 3 has
 been cancelled!), so please be sure that you read it.
 The ammended section syllabus (i.e.
 the syllabus you are reading right now) is an 
\emph on
addendum 
\emph default
to, and does not supersede, the ammendedcourse syllabus (again, which can
 be found at https://mthsc.clemson.edu/ug_course_pages/MTHS1020).
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
